README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mhardik003/mhardik003/main/gifs/mario.gif" />
</div>

## Hi there! 👋

I'm Aryan, a motivated and ambitious first-year college student with a passion for Computer Science. I'm dedicated to academic excellence and eager to contribute to exciting projects in the tech world!

## 🫠 About Me

Based in Faridabad, Haryana, I'm currently pursuing my studies in Computer Science. I strive to learn and grow in the field while contributing to innovative projects that make a difference.

## 🌐  Portfolio

Check out my [Portfolio Website](https://aryan-verse.netlify.app/) for my latest projects and achievements!

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=relaxitsaryan&label=Profile%20views&color=770677&style=for-the-badge&logo=star" style="padding-right:20px;" />
</p>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://profile-readme-generator.com/assets/pacman.svg" alt="Snake animation" />
</div>

## 🧑‍💻 Skills & Technologies

### 💻 Languages & Scripting
 ![PYTHON](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)  	![JAVASCRIPT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E) ![MARKDOWN](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white) ![JSON](https://img.shields.io/badge/json-5E5C5C?style=for-the-badge&logo=json&logoColor=white)

### 🌐 Frontend
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![REACT](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB) ![THREEJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/ThreeJs-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=three.js&logoColor=white) ![GSAP](https://img.shields.io/badge/GSAP-93CF2B?style=for-the-badge&logo=greensock&logoColor=white) ![VITE](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-B73BFE?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=FFD62E) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)

### 🎨 UI/UX
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Godot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Godot-478CBF?style=for-the-badge&logo=GodotEngine&logoColor=white)

### 🛠️ Dev Tools & Other
 ![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) 	 ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)  ![Jupyter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jupyter-F37626.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=Jupyter&logoColor=white) ![VSCODE](https://img.shields.io/badge/VSCode-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=white) ![PYCHARM](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyCharm-000000.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=PyCharm&logoColor=white) ![REPLIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/replit-667881?style=for-the-badge&logo=replit&logoColor=white) 

### 🤖 AI Tools 
![CHATGPT](https://img.shields.io/badge/ChatGPT-74aa9c?style=for-the-badge&logo=openai&logoColor=white) ![GEMINI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Gemini-8E75B2?style=for-the-badge&logo=googlegemini&logoColor=white) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20copilot-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubcopilot&logoColor=white) ![](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/comet%20ml-262c3e?style=for-the-badge&logo=logo_comet_ml&logoColor=white) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Claude-D97757?style=for-the-badge&logo=claude&logoColor=white) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Perplexity-1FB8CD?style=for-the-badge&logo=perplexity&logoColor=white)


## 🌟 Projects (Detailed Overview)

### 🩺 Nova Care
🔗 Live: [Click Here](https://nova-care-still-loading.vercel.app/)

**Tech Stack:**
`React` · `TypeScript` · `Vite` · `Tailwind CSS` · `JavaScript`· `API`

---

### 🌵 Desert Runner
🔗 Live: [Click Here](https://desert-runner-still-loading.netlify.app/)

**Tech Stack:**
`React` · `TypeScript` · `Vite` · `Tailwind CSS` · `HTML` · `JavaScript`

---

### 🎵 Aryan Beats  
🔗 **Live:** [Click Here](https://aryanbeats.netlify.app/)

**Tech Stack:**  
`HTML` · `CSS` . `UI` . `Animations`

---

### 📘 OpenNotes Hub  
🔗 **Live:** [Click Here](https://opennotes-hub.netlify.app/)

**Tech Stack:**  
`HTML` · `CSS` . `JavaScript`

---

### 🎯 Interview Buddy  
🔗 **Live:** [Click Here](https://interview-buddy.netlify.app/)

**Tech Stack:**  
`HTML` · `CSS` . `JavaScript` . `Web Speech API` 

---

### ✨ AryanVerse Particles  
🔗 **Live:** [Click Here](https://aryanverseparticles.netlify.app/)

**Tech Stack:**  
`JavaScript` · `HTML` · `CSS` . `Three.js` . `WebGL` . `MediaPipe` . `GLSL Shaders`

---

### 🔤 Particle Text Morphing  
🔗 **Live:** [Click Here](https://particle-text-morphing.vercel.app/)

## 🎯 Future Goals

- Learn advanced **Backend** concepts
- Start working with **MongoDB and modern frameworks**
- Build more **interactive and animation-driven projects**
- Contribute to **open-source projects**




## GitHub Stats

<table width="100%">
  <tr>
    <td width="50%">
      <h3 align="center"><strong>Gɪᴛʜᴜʙ Sᴛᴀᴛs</strong></h3>
      <p align="center">
        <a href="https://github.com/relaxitsaryan">
          <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats-xi-seven-23.vercel.app/api?username=RelaxItsAryan&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=nightowl&bg_color=0,000000,441350&title_color=c56a90&text_color=ffffff&rank_icon=github&hide=prs,issues,contribs&show=reviews,prs_merged,prs_merged_percentage" alt="GitHub Stats" />
        </a>
      </p>
    </td>
    <td width="50%">
      <h3 align="center"><strong>Sᴛʀᴇᴀᴋ Sᴛᴀᴛs</strong></h3>
      <p align="center">
        <a href="https://github.com/relaxitsaryan">
          <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats-mu-flame.vercel.app/?user=RelaxItsAryan&theme=nightowl&background=0,000000,441350&fire=ffeb95&ring=ffeb95&sideNums=ffffff&sideLabels=ffffff&dates=c56a90&currStreakNum=ffffff" alt="Streak Stats" />
        </a>
      </p>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=gradient&height=120&section=footer" width="100%"/>
</div>

## Connect with Me

<p><a target="_blank" href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/aryan-amit-arya" style="display: inline-block;"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-logo?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white&color=#0a77b6" alt="linkedin" /></a>
<a target="_blank" href="https://www.instagram.com/relaxits_aryan" style="display: inline-block;"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/instagram-logo?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white&color=#F35369" alt="instagram" /></a></p>

Commit message:

Add specialization in AI and ML to README
Updated educational background to include specialization in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mhardik003/mhardik003/main/gifs/mario.gif" />
</div>

## Hi there! 👋

I'm Aryan, a motivated and ambitious first-year college student with a passion for Computer Science. I'm dedicated to academic excellence and eager to contribute to exciting projects in the tech world!

## 🫠 About Me

Based in Faridabad, Haryana, I'm currently pursuing my studies in Computer Science with Specialization in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. I strive to learn and grow in the field while contributing to innovative projects that make a difference.

## 🌐  Portfolio

Check out my [Portfolio Website](https://aryan-verse.netlify.app/) for my latest projects and achievements!

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=relaxitsaryan&label=Profile%20views&color=770677&style=for-the-badge&logo=star" style="padding-right:20px;" />
</p>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://profile-readme-generator.com/assets/pacman.svg" alt="Snake animation" />
</div>

## 🧑‍💻 Skills & Technologies

### 💻 Languages & Scripting
 ![PYTHON](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)  	![JAVASCRIPT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E) ![MARKDOWN](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white) ![JSON](https://img.shields.io/badge/json-5E5C5C?style=for-the-badge&logo=json&logoColor=white)

### 🌐 Frontend
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![REACT](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB) ![THREEJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/ThreeJs-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=three.js&logoColor=white) ![GSAP](https://img.shields.io/badge/GSAP-93CF2B?style=for-the-badge&logo=greensock&logoColor=white) ![VITE](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-B73BFE?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=FFD62E) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)

### 🎨 UI/UX
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Godot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Godot-478CBF?style=for-the-badge&logo=GodotEngine&logoColor=white)

### 🛠️ Dev Tools & Other
 ![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) 	 ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)  ![Jupyter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jupyter-F37626.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=Jupyter&logoColor=white) ![VSCODE](https://img.shields.io/badge/VSCode-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=white) ![PYCHARM](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyCharm-000000.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=PyCharm&logoColor=white) ![REPLIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/replit-667881?style=for-the-badge&logo=replit&logoColor=white) 

### 🤖 AI Tools 
![CHATGPT](https://img.shields.io/badge/ChatGPT-74aa9c?style=for-the-badge&logo=openai&logoColor=white) ![GEMINI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Gemini-8E75B2?style=for-the-badge&logo=googlegemini&logoColor=white) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20copilot-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubcopilot&logoColor=white) ![](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/comet%20ml-262c3e?style=for-the-badge&logo=logo_comet_ml&logoColor=white) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Claude-D97757?style=for-the-badge&logo=claude&logoColor=white) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Perplexity-1FB8CD?style=for-the-badge&logo=perplexity&logoColor=white)


## 🌟 Projects (Detailed Overview)

### 🩺 Nova Care
🔗 Live: [Click Here](https://nova-care-still-loading.vercel.app/)

**Tech Stack:**
`React` · `TypeScript` · `Vite` · `Tailwind CSS` · `JavaScript`· `API`

---

### 🌵 Desert Runner
🔗 Live: [Click Here](https://desert-runner-still-loading.netlify.app/)

**Tech Stack:**
`React` · `TypeScript` · `Vite` · `Tailwind CSS` · `HTML` · `JavaScript`

---

### 🎵 Aryan Beats  
🔗 **Live:** [Click Here](https://aryanbeats.netlify.app/)

**Tech Stack:**  
`HTML` · `CSS` . `UI` . `Animations`

---

### 📘 OpenNotes Hub  
🔗 **Live:** [Click Here](https://opennotes-hub.netlify.app/)

**Tech Stack:**  
`HTML` · `CSS` . `JavaScript`

---

### 🎯 Interview Buddy  
🔗 **Live:** [Click Here](https://interview-buddy.netlify.app/)

**Tech Stack:**  
`HTML` · `CSS` . `JavaScript` . `Web Speech API` 

---

### ✨ AryanVerse Particles  
🔗 **Live:** [Click Here](https://aryanverseparticles.netlify.app/)

**Tech Stack:**  
`JavaScript` · `HTML` · `CSS` . `Three.js` . `WebGL` . `MediaPipe` . `GLSL Shaders`

---

### 🔤 Particle Text Morphing  
🔗 **Live:** [Click Here](https://particle-text-morphing.vercel.app/)

## 🎯 Future Goals

- Learn advanced **Backend** concepts
- Start working with **MongoDB and modern frameworks**
- Build more **interactive and animation-driven projects**
- Contribute to **open-source projects**




## GitHub Stats

<table width="100%">
  <tr>
    <td width="50%">
      <h3 align="center"><strong>Gɪᴛʜᴜʙ Sᴛᴀᴛs</strong></h3>
      <p align="center">
        <a href="https://github.com/relaxitsaryan">
          <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats-xi-seven-23.vercel.app/api?username=RelaxItsAryan&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=nightowl&bg_color=0,000000,441350&title_color=c56a90&text_color=ffffff&rank_icon=github&hide=prs,issues,contribs&show=reviews,prs_merged,prs_merged_percentage" alt="GitHub Stats" />
        </a>
      </p>
    </td>
    <td width="50%">
      <h3 align="center"><strong>Sᴛʀᴇᴀᴋ Sᴛᴀᴛs</strong></h3>
      <p align="center">
        <a href="https://github.com/relaxitsaryan">
          <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats-mu-flame.vercel.app/?user=RelaxItsAryan&theme=nightowl&background=0,000000,441350&fire=ffeb95&ring=ffeb95&sideNums=ffffff&sideLabels=ffffff&dates=c56a90&currStreakNum=ffffff" alt="Streak Stats" />
        </a>
      </p>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=gradient&height=120&section=footer" width="100%"/>
</div>

## Connect with Me

<p><a target="_blank" href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/aryan-amit-arya" style="display: inline-block;"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-logo?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white&color=#0a77b6" alt="linkedin" /></a>
<a target="_blank" href="https://www.instagram.com/relaxits_aryan" style="display: inline-block;"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/instagram-logo?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white&color=#F35369" alt="instagram" /></a></p>
